The paper talk about how Netflix has designed this workflow orchestrator “Maestro”, which solves the problems of the predecessor. In that sense, Maestro addresses scalability and usability, two critical topics of workflow orchestration at Netflix. Indeed, is very intensive in describing the technical architecture, going through Directed Acyclic Graphs (DAGs), event-driven triggering, and time-based scheduling. Of course, describing how it open the range of technical skills that can use this platform, form me, is the biggest advance of this workflow orchestrator -it provides good example of engineering solutions in corporate environment. Also shows how the ML advances could make a lot employers get redundant for not having the skills to stay in this type of jobs, so it redistributes the labor market. The efficiency that can get a company like Netflix is tremendous, and that’s where is the weakness of the paper, because there’s lack of comparative analysis with other existing solutions outside of Netflix. This could provide a clearer view of how Maestro stands against industry standards or other commercial products. Furthermore, I think the paper could talk more about the potential bias or the potential challenges that it can face, but this is because Maestro is a history of success. 

Now, the paper describes the progress about orchestrating large-scale data and machine learning workflows in several key ways. As we already said, Maestro has enhanced the scalability by maintaining low latency in job scheduling and execution, even during peak loads, which is critical for Netflix's global operations. The usability exhibits improvements as well by the introduction of user-friendly features, makes workflow management more accessible and reduces the time to insight for data practitioners. Implementing a horizontally scalable and microservices-based architecture, Maestro can efficiently manage the lifecycle and dependencies of hundreds of thousands of workflows and millions of jobs, which might be not unique, but is amazing. Finally, to go further into this question, an interesting task could be to run these benchmark tests on Maestro as well as other popular orchestrators and share findings with quantitative data. Moreover, going through the applications, Netflix (or other tech big player) can establish partnership with startups and see what happens.   

